Let's talk about the nature of learning.
We are not born knowing much.
Over the curse of our lifetimes,
we slowly gain an understanding of the world through interaction.
By interacting with the world,
We learn about cause and effect or how the world responds to our actions.
Once we have an understanding of how the world works,
we can use our knowledge to accomplish specific goals.
In this course, we'll take a stab at attaining
a scientific understanding of how this learning from interaction happens.
Specifically, we'll take a computational approach called
reinforcement learning or RL for short.
Since the world is quite complicated,
we'll simplify the world to study environments with well-defined rules and dynamics,
we'll then construct algorithms to teach
an individual in this simple world to learn from interaction.
We'll study many of these algorithms to understand the strengths and limitations of each.
We'll begin with the basics to attain
a solid foundational understanding of
the basic structure behind these learning algorithms.
Of course, the simplest algorithms will have significant limitations.
We will discuss these limitations to motivate the development of more complex techniques.
Over the course of this content,
we'll gradually add complexity making sure that you intuitively
understand at each step of the way what these algorithms are designed to accomplish.
Of course, we will end with
the most cutting-edge techniques that are
making headlines in reinforcement learning today.
So let's get started.